Periodic automatic saving of configuration and other data and backup
copies of it. Replacement of foo_jesus. (*)

Every time a backup is run, first saves configuration using the native
menu ("File\Save Configuration"):
	- Whole configuration subfolder.,
	- Media library database (database.*)
	- Playlists
	- Additional data managed by other components (for example
		current theme or playback statistics).

After saving, a backup of files is created, as a ZIP archive (7zip).

Rules: (times in min)
------------------------
- While playing (every X min, 0 = off):
	Time is counted when playback is active (i.e. not stopped
	nor paused) and when it exceeds this value, executes.
- When playback stops (every X min, 0 = off):
	When playback was active, then stopped or paused for this
	amount of time, executes.
- Always, since last autosave (every X min, 0 = off):
	Regardless of activity, when the last time autosave was
	run is more than so many minutes ago, executes.
- On startup, after X minutes (backup only, 0 = off):
	After specified number of minutes after startup,
	a new backup archive with the current configuration
	is created. Note that this trigger does not execute
	(the more intrusive) save configuration command, assuming
	nothing has changed since startup yet and because its
	point is to store the base configuration the application
	has been started with.
- Every X tracks (0 = off):
	Each time a track ends (it has played all the way through
	or another has been started manually, except when shutting
	down), a counter is incremented. When it exceeds this value,
	configuration is saved. Note that saving too often is
	blocked to avoid problems when going through a playlist too
	fast (e.g. on very short files or invalid entries).
- On foobar2000 exit (script unload), after X seconds (0 = off):
	When the program closes or the script is unloaded (for
	ex. after reloading the panel), a backup is scheduled
	to be run after X seconds. Note the configuration is
	saved on exit automatically (but not on script reloading).
- Saving by any rule more often than 30 seconds since last
	autosave is blocked to avoid lockup or crash problems.

Files and folders:
------------------------
Items to store to the backup archive. Those which are not found are
silently ignored. If an item is found out to be a directory, all files
in it are added recursively.

Masks can be added like 'data*', which cover any folder or file which
starts with 'data' at the profile folder.

To ensure that playlists created by any version of foobar2000 are
backed up properly, playlists are added as 'playlists*' (so it covers
'playlists-v1.4' or 'playlists', ...).

Structure is always keep on the backup file (contrary to foo_jesus).
i.e adding "js_data\buttons_*.json" as files to backup, will keep
the same subfolder in the ZIP archive.

ZIP archive:
------------------------
Backups are saved to the set output path, which allows to tweak
the final folder and filename.

Appended to the name, a date string will be added like
'autobackup.20231128-084541.zip'.

There are some settings to further tweak that string with RegEx
(or even remove it).

The number of backups kept can be set by number of files or
total file size.

Headless mode:
------------------------
The button  may be used in headless mode to not clutter the
toolbar with something which only works on background and
has no other usage. For that, use the appropriate setting of
the toolbar menu at 'Other UI settings...'.