Toolbar panel with sub-modules loaded as buttons. Use the toolbar menu to
add new buttons or tweak its settings.

Mouse shortcuts:
----------------
	• R. Click to open toolbar menu.

	• Hold R. Click to reorder buttons.

	• M. Click to show headless buttons for 2 seconds.

Other UI usage:
---------------
	• Ctrl + Alt + Mouse Wheel to resize UI elements under mouse.


	• Shift + Win + R. Click to open SMP/JSplitter panel menu (works
	globally on any script and panel, at any position).


	• Ctrl + Win + R. Click to open script panel menu.

Buttons:
--------
Some buttons can be 'duplicated'. i.e. having multiple instances with
different settings. Whenever that's not possible, menu entry will be greyed
if there is already copy of the same button on the toolbar.

Some buttons may require another one to be loaded first... it's also warned
in the related entry if the requirement is not met.

Once added, check their tooltips to find relevant info about their usage,
settings, mouse + key modifiers, etc.

Note every button has its own configuration, they are NOT shared. i.e. if
you add 3 buttons of the same tool, everyone must be configured separately
(for ex. for tag remapping).

Color settings:
---------------
The bar, buttons, text, hover and animation colors can be individually set.
By setting them to '-none-' (Ctrl + Click) that element is disabled (bar
and button colors) or uses default values according to theme (hover and
text colors).

When using dynamic hover color, it will be set according to theme, instead
of a fixed color. So if you change between dark or light themes, it's
adjusted automatically.

The opacity setting affects all button effects and states, along
the background color.

Like other scripts, the panel can also listen to color servers to tint all
elements according to artwork colors. Note only non-disabled elements (i.e.
color not '-none-') will be adjusted. If you want to use this feature but
force the hover color to follow CUI/DUI settings, then first set it to none
and afterwards check 'Use dynamic hover color'. That way foobar2000's theme
will override any artwork colors received (only for hover color).

Tip: when using the panel with pseudotransparency, it's recommended to
disable the background color, so it matches the theme by default.

UI settings:
------------
Size, alignment and multiple position settings can be tweaked at the
toolbar menu.

By default the toolbar is thought to be used in an horizontal axis, but it
can be tweaked to work in vertical, even showing only icons.